hey guys so I thought I would sit down
real quick to do an update I had a
previous update filmed before we moved
telling you guys that we're going to be
moving and all this stuff from when we
first got back from oregon and i
actually haven't edited that yet but i
figured with all the other stuff that's
happened i thought i would do another
update video just to kind of clarify and
explain where we've been and what
happened and all that for those of you
that follow on facebook and instagram
you know that my husband got in an
accident and we actually had another
scary thing happened so i'm going to try
to his update fill you guys in and
hopefully this won't be too long anyways
so we were going from our old our old
town moving to the new town my husband
was working a shift in the new town and
on his way home from work that day which
he worked tonight so he got got off
really early in the morning on his way
home you got in an accident and it was
actually a really bad one either
brawling his car twice the car was
completely totaled and we are really
we're really privileged that he is alive
and talking and completely fine today so
is enough Davis how he's doing he's
doing great his injuries were actually
amazingly minimal as to what what
happened and how he's car ended up let
me show let me show you guys real quick
some pictures of the car just you can
have an idea of what I'm talking about
so you can see it's really really
mangled and totaled out completely we
had liability only on our car so it's
just it's just completely gone and done
with there was nothing not even rims or
tires or anything salvageable on the car
maybe the alternator I don't know it was
just completely told it out but my
husband as far as his injuries his his
airbag did go off and of course he was
running a seat belt so his face was
pretty swollen and really scratched up
and burnt from i believe the airbag
coming out and maybe like chemicals with
the airbag and that swelling is all
going down really really nice he's still
got scraped scratches and burns and
stuff but it's healing really well he's
got some still like a redness around his
eyes and all that obviously from the big
impact and I think he has got some cuts
from glass and things like that too and
his ankle also we think hit probably on
the one of the petals either the clutch
pedal or the brake pedal I'm not sure he
got a pretty good pretty big gash on his
ankle so his ankle bones really bruised
and swollen and he had to get some
stitches and stuff like that getting a
little bit ahead of myself this just
came out last night though and
everything's looking good but he called
me that morning around eight 20 ish I
guess he called me and said that he had
just been in a wreck and my phone ended
up dying as I'm talking to him and
luckily my mother-in-law's was staying
with us cuz she was going to help watch
the boys and stuff while we were moving
and I was able to I ran into the other
room and asked her where her phone was
and I can't run if I called him back
where she called him back but they had
just gotten in the wreck and I guess
like a bystander had found a cell phone
because everything kind of like spewed
all over the place when he gotten the
rep and so they brought him his phone he
was able to call me and say that 911 had
been called we just hopped in the car
and brought the kids went over there to
the hospital when I got there I didn't
go wait at the like check-in desk when
you first get into the emergency I just
as soon as I saw that door open because
there's a little bit of a line to talk
to the lady since the door opened I just
ran back there I was holding
and my mother-in-law hit carter and i
just ran back there I found him in the
which room he was which curtain he was
in and he was you know strapped to a
backboard his neck was in a c-collar and
his face was so so swollen he couldn't
even see out of one of his eyes I think
it was very very blurry so we were
scared that he might not be able to you
know what happened to his vision there
was lots of glass and blood and all
kinds of stuff from the from the wreck
it was really scary and I don't think
I've ever been more scared in my life to
be honest it was really scary and for
those of you that when watching for a
long time I used to work in a hospital
so I you know I'm used to seeing people
at their worst I'm used to be saying
blood and guts and poop and you know all
kinds of stuff but it's different when
it's your own family and it's different
when it's somebody you love and you're
seeing them in pain your your scares to
what's going to happen they did CT scans
and they were talking for facial
fractures or in any sort of internal
anything and amazingly no broken bones
everything everything checked out well
they checked his eyes and to make sure
there was no scratches no scratches it
was really crazy and I really appreciate
it Tomas is now I appreciate everybody
saying there you know all their well
wishes and just all the support
everybody carrying for us and everybody
that messaged me and all that I really
do appreciate that but he's doing good
now um we came home we still did the
move um for those of you that have been
watching again for a while you know that
we are Joe's witnesses so we have a big
we have kind of a big worldwide
Brotherhood and the carnation that we
were going in are we were going to in
our old town they really helped out with
coming and helping us move and a sister
came and she was like cleaning and
helping me box at my kitchen all that so
we're sold to move everything on time we
got when we got here and there was also
some more friends that were able to help
unload our stuff actually I think it was
only seeing me and my mother know it was
me Joseph and his grandpa who lives here
and I think somebody else who was up oh
and the two other people and that was
everybody we got it unloaded the whole
truck unloaded like an hour an hour and
a half it was amazing so we're all
unloaded here just unpacking then the
other crazy thing that happened it was
our second night in the new place our
second night here and I had woken up it
was about a gambling 8 a.m. in the
morning I woke up and I heard like the
doorknob jiggling like our front door
doorknob jiggling and I had gotten up a
bit about like 630-7 ish because
Cameron's crying and I got him out of
his crib was nursing him and I ended up
just immersing him that morning like he
just stayed in our bed and then I heard
this jiggling and I looked at the Conner
it's like eight something like what is
that and I couldn't think is somebody
trying to break in